we go
it is hard work for the members of
clear numbering now download the jug there
from the door is the last one
hand is placed on the carnival wagon
of the cake
this year is a special year for the
group of friends the stories of tim
in strings from the cook and to pick up and
cord third yo will build a chance
and we have only been standing since a beautiful leonie
via that pop border road and then we were
busy with the car so we have
all together at the base
Knowing zucchini restore was actually
kind of and some look
coming to little in between makes him
more than half that I can still come
from primary schools and now two young my
God
And now also want to teach you better yes
this show is a lot better and liked
to get a market better if you go here
racing car that is in high interest rates below
and the evening wash was around an hour or so
I think it was six I came here
shed inside but then so was still
very dark so I walk to
but in this area was therefore
front door
but I didn't know that so I wanted to make it
create a country and I take two steps and
i will be so straight forward with my
lower teeth on that car so I had
two a tooth I challenge stick
explain to the other two or three the
were so beaten back so that was
also something we have with this
made
the ideas usually come from mega de
usually makes nice moths and the
we are fascinated with variety last year
rights were first one of the
Parades in the region also accumulate
this year with the first place to go home
go with the magic based on the
Formula 1 career from Max
yes we see where you have major discussions
torah of course different matte
sangha
and yes the heights discussions
we mentioned growing up and we
actually we see this coming
lift a current motto is an insane one
good engine should step well tomorrow
they were seeing the full mesh in bulbs
we are the boss and she is thank you yes
it is now tradition that there is one
truth or with bags on Friday to
the building stretched out
this year it will be for the first car
van keert numbering
but with the driver before it
you
which is difficult to actually do pretty
simple
it 's harder for men to be with
Two cars filled pleads plants tori you
Then take the carnival car with the cracks
the you on it so nice a bit around
4 km ear and then if they are then on tyrants
then we also see again at teen school and
we finally see it once
that period
areas where the morning does see
leave must get up early at half past
six, the procession starts from uitbaarlo
to renovation